#Prompting Notes

DeepSeek was able to label all 18 emails that it had actually processed and assign confidence scores for each. However, DeepSeek failed to analyze the other two emails (E17 and E18) despite stating that all 20 emails were analyzed. The prompt words need to be changed, and completeness tests need to be applied such that the model should output one record per target email ID.

#Interview Notes

Both participants agreed that they would not mind if AI helped them with the summary of emails, extraction of tasks and organization of the calendar, but hoped to keep the possibility of verifying the results. Tim did not object to giving AI more responsibility to organize things, suggested checking the created calendar events regularly and definitely refused AI's automatic replies to emails. Xuyuan said that he will personally check very important emails.

Participants concentrated their attention on various kinds of errors. Tim is afraid of incorrect interpretation of deadlines, lack of necessary information about tasks or wrong assigning other people's actions to users. Xuyuan is more afraid of missing important tasks and emphasized the importance of distinguishing important from not important information. So, the system should be prepared for both false positive and missed positive mistakes at the same time, provide the possibility of checking the basis of the original email, task leader and deadline, as well as the ability to correct the results of extraction.

# Reflection

One of the findings from the reading is that simply requiring human approval does not necessarily lead to human-AI collaboration. Complementarity depends on how compatible the skills of the partners are and how clearly the partner roles are defined. In the case of InboxToTask, the strengths of both the AI partner and the human one can be leveraged in order to complete the task. The AI partner can leverage its strengths related to memory and attention to look through the emails and suggest tasks for completion, while the human partner can use the skill of contextual reasoning to check the ownership of each task and deadline.


